README.md, before:

#evolve
evolve is a Gentic Algorithm implemented in C. Currently features:

- One dimension bit-string
- Roulette Selection
- One point crossover
- Simple single character mutation

For more information please have a look at the documentation.

## Requirements

- [al](http://github.com/chutsu/al): Algorithm library in C
- [dstruct](http://github.com/chutsu/dstruct): Data structure library in C
- [munit](http://github.com/chutsu/munit): Unit testing macros for C
- [dbg](http://github.com/chutsu/dbg): Debugging macros for C
- cmake (version 2.6 and higher)

## Installation

    cd <path to evolve>
    cmake .  # the dot '.' is important!
    sudo make install

## Licence
MIT LICENCE
Copyright (C) <2012> Chris Choi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add log stats to file and modify license to LGPL

README.md, after:

#evolve
evolve is a Gentic Algorithm implemented in C. Currently features:

- One dimension bit-string
- Roulette Selection
- One point crossover
- Simple single character mutation

For more information please have a look at the documentation.

## Requirements

- [al](http://github.com/chutsu/al): Algorithm library in C
- [dstruct](http://github.com/chutsu/dstruct): Data structure library in C
- [munit](http://github.com/chutsu/munit): Unit testing macros for C
- [dbg](http://github.com/chutsu/dbg): Debugging macros for C
- cmake (version 2.6 and higher)

## Installation

    cd <path to evolve>
    cmake .  # the dot '.' is important!
    sudo make install

## Licence
LGPL License
Copyright (C) <2013> Chris Choi

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the Lesser GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
